Provisioning: Prevent deletion of folders which contain provisioned dashboards (#92022)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/provisioning/index.md

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/v51/provisioning_cannot_save_dashboard.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

> #### Deleting a folder which contains provisioned dashboards
> 
> It's not possible to delete a folder which contains provisioned dashboards from the Grafana UI. In order to delete the folder, edit the YAML config file associated with its provisioned dashboards first. In the file, unset the `folder` and `folderUid` options. Once the provisioned dashboards are reprovisioned at the root level, delete the folder via Grafana UI.
> 

Reviewer: Reworded for style:

1. Avoid gerunds in headings: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/review/lint-prose/rules/#grafanagerunds
1. Prefer "after" over "once": https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#once
1. Simplify some language for readability.

```suggestion
#### Delete a folder which contains provisioned dashboards

You can't delete a folder that contains provisioned dashboards in the Grafana UI.
To delete the folder, you must edit the YAML configuration file for the provisioned dashboards.
In the configuration file, remove the `folder` and `folderUid` fields.
After the provisioned dashboards are re-provisioned, you can delete the folder in the Grafana UI.
```

Author: Thank you! Looks much better.

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/v51/provisioning_cannot_save_dashboard.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

#### Delete a folder which contains provisioned dashboards

You can't delete a folder that contains provisioned dashboards in the Grafana UI.
To delete the folder, you must edit the YAML configuration file for the provisioned dashboards.
In the configuration file, remove the `folder` and `folderUid` fields.

> After the provisioned dashboards are re-provisioned, you can delete the folder in the Grafana UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the provisioned dashboards are re-provisioned, you can delete the folder in the Grafana UI.

```
